README.md, before:

# Learn-Python
**Learn/practise Python hands-on by following these exercises in the interpreter**

Get the Python and the interpreter [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

quit()

print('my string')

2 + 2

2.0 + 2

2 - 0

3 * 2

3 / 2

3 ** 2

9 // 2

9 % 2

print('Henry's shoelace')

print('Henry\'s shoelace')

print('Henry\'s\nshoelace')

input()

'Humpty ' + 'Dumpty'

'Ice ' * 2 + 'Baby'

5 + ' Fingers' #gives error

str(5) + ' Fingers'

'5' + 5 #gives error

int('5') + 5

float('2') + 2

x = 5

x

del x

x

x = 5

x += 1

x

x -= 1

x

x *= 3

x

x == 15

x == 10

x != 10

x != 15

x > 10

x >= 15

x < 10

x <= 15

    if (x == 15):

        print('x is 15')

    elif (x > 15):

        print('x is greater than 15')

    else:

        print('x is less than 15')

x > 10 and x > 13

x > 10 and x > 16

x > 10 or x > 16

not x > 10

i = 0

    while i < 7:

        print(i)

        i += 1

    while i < 7:

        print(i)

        i += 1

        if (i == 5):

            break



#### to add on
break
continue
[x,y,z]
var[0]
[]
in
.append
len()
.insert
.index
.remove
range(x)
range(x,y)
range(x,y,z)
list()
for…in…:
def func:
return
#
"""
import {}
random.randint(x,y)
from {} import {} as {}
from {} import *
string
re
datetime
math
random
os
multiprocessing
subprocess
socket
email
json
doctest
unittest
pdb
argparse
sys
try: except:
assert {statement}, {comment}
file = open()
file.close
cont = file.read()
file.readlines()
file.write()
with open('test.txt', 'a') as myfile:
{key:value,key:value}
dict[key] = value
key in dict
.get(key,[nokeycomment])
(x,y,z)
x,y,z
mylist[1:5:2]
[…for x in range(5) if ...]
ord()
chr()
.isalpha()
.translate()
split()
lambda x: x**2
map(function, iterable)
filter(function, iterable)
yield
set()
.add
.remove
.pop
'.'
'..'
if __name__ == '__main__':
#!/usr/bin/python
'''…'''
%c
%s
%d
%.
__attribute
def func(self):
def __init__(self):
{}
(?P<name>...)
(?:...)
|
class subc(class):
def __add__(self,other):
.format
@classmethod
@property
@myproperty.setter
@myproperty.deleter
*args
**kwargs

Commit message:

Add instructions for use and improved formatting

README.md, after:

# Learn-Python
_Learn/practise Python hands-on by following these exercises in the interpreter._

Get the Python and the interpreter [**here**](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

###Instructions for use
_Open the interpreter, type a line of code, press enter and observe the output._

quit()

print('my string')

2 + 2

2.0 + 2

2 - 0

3 * 2

3 / 2

3 ** 2

9 // 2

9 % 2

print('Henry's shoelace')

print('Henry\'s shoelace')

print('Henry\'s\nshoelace')

input()

'Humpty ' + 'Dumpty'

'Ice ' * 2 + 'Baby'

5 + ' Fingers' #gives error

str(5) + ' Fingers'

'5' + 5 #gives error

int('5') + 5

float('2') + 2

x = 5

x

del x

x

x = 5

x += 1

x

x -= 1

x

x *= 3

x

x == 15

x == 10

x != 10

x != 15

x > 10

x >= 15

x < 10

x <= 15

    if (x == 15):

        print('x is 15')

    elif (x > 15):

        print('x is greater than 15')

    else:

        print('x is less than 15')

x > 10 and x > 13

x > 10 and x > 16

x > 10 or x > 16

not x > 10

i = 0

    while i < 7:

        print(i)

        i += 1

    while i < 7:

        print(i)

        i += 1

        if (i == 5):

            break



#### to add on
break
continue
[x,y,z]
var[0]
[]
in
.append
len()
.insert
.index
.remove
range(x)
range(x,y)
range(x,y,z)
list()
for…in…:
def func:
return
#
"""
import {}
random.randint(x,y)
from {} import {} as {}
from {} import *
string
re
datetime
math
random
os
multiprocessing
subprocess
socket
email
json
doctest
unittest
pdb
argparse
sys
try: except:
assert {statement}, {comment}
file = open()
file.close
cont = file.read()
file.readlines()
file.write()
with open('test.txt', 'a') as myfile:
{key:value,key:value}
dict[key] = value
key in dict
.get(key,[nokeycomment])
(x,y,z)
x,y,z
mylist[1:5:2]
[…for x in range(5) if ...]
ord()
chr()
.isalpha()
.translate()
split()
lambda x: x**2
map(function, iterable)
filter(function, iterable)
yield
set()
.add
.remove
.pop
'.'
'..'
if __name__ == '__main__':
#!/usr/bin/python
'''…'''
%c
%s
%d
%.
__attribute
def func(self):
def __init__(self):
{}
(?P<name>...)
(?:...)
|
class subc(class):
def __add__(self,other):
.format
@classmethod
@property
@myproperty.setter
@myproperty.deleter
*args
**kwargs
